(birds chirping)
A training course
in Medical Ninjutsu?
I guess that the
time's finally come.
We learned a little
of it in the Academy,
but this is the first time for
actual formal training, right?
(Sarada sighs)
When you become a genin,
they make you undergo at
least some training in it.
But when it was time
for our class to do it,
the session got delayed.
Mm-mm.
[Mitsuki] Each team has
to send one representative
to take it, right?
Who should it be?
Well, it requires
intricate chakra control.
I'm not cut out for that stuff.
They do say the skills required
are different than
those for fighting.
And besides, Medical Ninjutsu
is really kinda low-key,
you know?
Although, it's a ninjutsu
that helps support others,
so it's important
to learn it, right?
If that's how you feel,
then why don't you go?
If you're not going to go,
then I'm not going either.
Come on, that again?
Then I think you're the
perfect one to take it, Sarada!
Huh? Me really?
I mean, you are Sakura's
daughter, right?
I'm sure you've
got a knack for it!
Uh, yeah, sure.
If your goal's to
become the Hokage,
you should learn to use
Medical Ninjutsu, right?
Oh, yeah, I suppose so.
Well, it looks like you're
the one we're choosing!
That okay, Mitsuki?
It is. I agree.
Mm-hm. Awesome! We're
counting on you!
(Sarada chuckles)
Right.
(opening theme music
singing in Japanese)
[Shikamaru] Here's the
list of participants
for the Medical Ninjutsu class.
Oh, good! We can finally
start the training!
This year the genin seem
to keep getting involved
in a bunch of
troublesome incidents,
so we've had a hard time
scheduling this session.
Well, there's a limit
to how much anyone
will be able to master
in one short session.
But all the same, because of it,
we might find someone who'd
make a good Medical Ninja.
I think it's really important.
That's true.
I mean, they only teach
the basics at the Academy,
after all.
Yeah, it's just like they say,
it's always good to be prepared.
So it only makes sense to
have the genin learn it, too.
Anyway, you're the head
of the Medical Department.
I'm counting on you.
(Sakura chuckle) Roger!
-Oh, boy.
-Is everything okay?
My daughter's on the
list of participants.
I'd imagine that Sarada
would master Medical
Ninjutsu really quickly.
That sure would be great!
(Sarada sighs)
(Sarada continues sighing)
Oh, what am I gonna do?
Even back then, when I
was still in the Academy,
I was never any good
at Medical Ninjutsu!
I mean, you are Sakura's
daughter, right?
I'm sure you've
got a knack for it!
(Sarada chuckles)
The thing is,
you really can't learn
Medical Ninjutsu properly
unless you have a
mentor to guide you.
(Sarada inhales anxiously)
I was gonna ask Mom to teach me,
but since she's so busy, I
couldn't talk to her about it.
(Sarada sighs miserably)
Maybe I oughta just be upfront
about all of this stuff,
and tell everybody the truth.
But then,
if they were to find out
that Sakura's own daughter
can't do it!
I gotta say, Lord
Seventh is just perfect!
(Sarada gasps)
It's only natural
that the Hokage
is perfect and the strongest.
I guess that's what it
takes to be a Hokage.
He couldn't be such a good
defender if he wasn't perfect.
The Seventh Hokage is perfect!
If I want to become the Hokage,
I have to be able to do
absolutely everything.
-The perfect Hokage-
-All right, I'm going in
with the super-special
rare Lord Seventh!
The Seventh Hokage SSR
really is the perfect card!
(instrumental music)
Anyway, I'll have to manage
somehow just for one day!
(birds chirping)
(Sarada inhales) Morning!
(sighs)
So, you're the
participant from Team 7.
If it was Boruto,
I figured that both of
us would be kept back
after class together.
Listen, don't worry about that.
If you are kept back,
I can give you some special
lessons to get you up to speed.
Huh?
Don't act so smug just 'cause
you know Medical Ninjutsu!
Or else Sarada'll
leave you in the dust.
(Sarada groans)
(Sarada gasps)
Well, sure!
After all, Sarada
is the daughter
of the Medical Ninjutsu
specialist, Ms. Sakura.
So she's cut from an
entirely different cloth!
(Sarada groans)
This should be easy for you!
Uh, I wonder about that.
Please help me
out today, Sarada.
Yeah! Me, too!
Oh, sure!
If there's something that
you don't get, just ask!
What am I even saying?
Oh, I'm such an idiot!
(gasping)
Good morning, everybody!
In this seminar today,
we're all gonna be
studying Medical Ninjutsu.
The most fundamental
aspect is chakra control.
Doing Medical Ninjutsu requires
extremely delicate control.
Also, being able to
maintain chakra control
for a long period
of time is crucial.
It's may not be very flashy,
but Medical Ninjutsu requires
a lot of really
hard work to master.
[Students] Yes, ma'am!
Oh, boy, Medical Ninjutsu
is really difficult after all.
It's not something you
can learn overnight.
This is just the worst!
All right, we'll be going
over five parts today.
(students chattering)
(students sigh)
Knowledge is important
for Medical Ninjutsu.
So first, I'll give
a short lecture
followed by a written exam.
Aw, yes!
I may not be good at
practical application,
but I'm great at written exams!
(energetic music playing)
(Iwabe gasping)
Yes! I got through it!
Amazing!
A perfect score?
Nice job!
What score did you get?
A perfect score.
Just as expected from Sarada!
She always aced everything
back when we were
at the Academy too.
(Sarada chuckles)
Oh, I don't know!
(Sarada chuckles nervously)
I wish it was just written
tests from here on!
Now, part two's a
practical application!
(Sarada chuckles)
I shoulda known!
Being able to apply the
knowledge you've gained
is critical to making
Medical Ninjutsu work.
First, Antidote Jutsu.
You'll be using your chakra to
separate and isolate liquids.
All right, first of all,
I'm going to mix these
two liquids together
to make coffee milk.
Then for the next step
I'll separate them again.
(students gasping)
I've got a question,
when you separate them does
it taste any different?
This isn't a cooking class!
What does it possibly
matter what they taste like?
(students laughing)
Shut up!
I'm just more interested
in the scientific method
than you guys!
(energetic music playing)
(Wasabi groans)
(Doushu groans)
Coffee and milk
are both liquids,
but the composition of
each of them is different.
So, hat's why we're
able to isolate
the different components,
and extract them from
a liquid mixture.
This lesson can be applied
to extracting poison
from the body.
During a mission, if your
teammate's poisoned by an enemy,
or bitten by a venomous snake
knowing this'll be very useful.
It's a basic fundamental skill.
It's this difficult, and
it's just a basic skill?
What do I do?
It won't separate
even a little bit!
It's just getting
more mixed together!
Oh, I should just be
honest and speak up!
Oh no.
(gasps)
(Sarada groans)
Concentrate!
(Iwabe grunts)
Just a little more!
It separated!
Oh, thank goodness!
But I'm so thirsty now.
Ugh, not good!
(Sarada groans)
What?
I did it?
How?
Let's see!
Okay, you isolated them.
Uh. Yeah, I sure did!
(Sarada chuckles)
(Sarada sighs)
(birds chirping)
(Boruto sighs)
This is so boring.
It's great that we get
a day off from missions
while they have to
go to a lecture but-
If you're not
attending the lecture,
I guess you get homework.
Yeah, I guess so.
But we finished
all of it already!
(gasps)
I know!
Mmh, what is it?
Let's get outta here
and kill some time!
(both sigh)
All right, now part three
is on Healing Jutsu.
You're going to be concentrating
chakra into your palms,
and applying it to a
wound to speed up healing.
Those are special
training dummies.
They've been given
injuries that close up
when Healing Jutsu Chakra
is applied to them.
If the area that's split
closes up you've succeeded.
What do I do?
Focus!
Come on, focus!
(Sarada groans)
(screaming)
(students sigh)
What?
It's closed up!
Yes! You succeeded!
Wait, but how!
Maybe I can pull this off.
I think I can get
actually through this!
Thank you, Lord Hokage!
(Boruto groans)
Hey, what are you
doing, Shikadai?
I should be asking
you that instead!
We're on standby,
but we ditched.
If we get caught
we're in big trouble!
Listen, don't worry about it.
Miss Sakura doesn't have
the Byakugan like my mom,
or Big Sister Hanabi.
She'll never know!
Well, guess what,
you guys? I do know!
(both gasps)
(sighs)
(students chuckling)
(Sarada sighs)
Well, uh,
we finished all of our homework,
so we figured we'd just
come observe for a while.
Oh, yeah? That's
really it? Then, sure!
Oh. Great! Thank you!
I'm just happy more
people will gain
Medical Ninjutsu knowledge!
Well, go ahead, Sarada,
show us all your skills!
Yeah, okay, but just
don't get in the way.
Who am I kidding?
Of course it's not okay!
I have to do something!
Okay, on to part four,
emergency life-saving measures.
Make this bud bloom,
and you've succeeded.
There's a good reason
for learning this.
If you're ever in
a real emergency,
infusing chakra into a
teammate who's wounded
could save their life.
Now, let's begin.
It's a battle against time
when you're trying
to save a life.
You must work as
fast as possible.
Otherwise, a life that
could be saved may not be.
In other words,
a precious friend lying
before you could die.
That's why we wanna make sure
that one person on each team
knows how to use
Medical Ninjutsu.
[Students] Yes, ma'am!
(Wasabi gasps)
(Inojin screams)
Sarada! Can you
even do this stuff?
What? Yeah, of course I can!
What do I do?
I don't sense it
blooming at all.
Oh, come on! Please, bloom!
Sarada, are you okay?
What?
Huh? Well-
Boruto!
I need to concentrate, so
can you please just go away?
You got it.
It won't bloom!
(Sarada sighs)
(Doushu groaning)
I can't!
It bloomed!
No way! That's amazing!
The flower bloomed, you know!
Huh? Oh, no, I just...
This is-
Look at this, you guys!
Check it out!
Hey, uh, Boruto!
And here I was doubting
whether you were any good
at this at all,
but you're actually
amazing, Sarada!
Yeah, well, you know!
You really might become Hokage!
-Yeah, I agree.
-As expected!
[Wasabi] That was just awesome!
It was really nothing
at all, I swear!
I actually got through it!
Just one more lesson to go.
I'm gonna be okay!
I know that I can pull this off!
Good work, everyone.
Ms. Shizune?
Madam Advisor, what
brings you here?
We haven't had Medical
Ninjutsu classes in a while.
I was curious.
I'm very glad that I came today.
You're doing absolutely
great, Sarada.
Oh, not at all!
And I actually brought
a guest as well.
A guest?
Hey! Working hard?
Or hardly working?
Lord Seventh?
-Dad, what are you-
-[Iwabe] Lord Hokage!
(Boruto chuckles)
It's really awesome that you
showed up to see this, Dad.
-Sarada's been totally amazing!
-Huh?
Yeah, so it seems!
It's great we have a shinobi
with a talent for
Medical Ninjutsu.
It's just so exciting.
No, I'm just-
Okay, next practical exercise.
Who here wants to
demonstrate the final part?
-Go on! Do it, Sarada!
-Huh?
Uh, no, that's okay, not me!
Hey! Don't be so shy!
He's right.
Even Lord Seventh is
even here to witness it.
So go ahead and show
us your skills, Sarada!
What?
Apply chakra into
the training dummy,
and if you can make it
move then you've succeeded.
Why did it end up like this?
(gasping)
What do I do?
I can't make any mistakes
with Lord Seventh watching me!
Please move!
Huh?
What's wrong?
Move! Come on!
Huh?
Why?
Urgh!
(all gasping)
No! Why! Please, just move!
That fish should
cancel his plans.
I can't do this anymore!
Sarada,
are you actually not very
good at Medical Ninjutsu?
Ohhh, mom!
Mm-mm.
[All] Huh?
I'm not good at it,
but somehow I ended up
completing all the exercises.
I didn't even know
what I was doing.
And with Lord Seventh watching,
I wanted to prove
that I could do it.
But I couldn't!
And since I knew
that you're expected
to know Medical Ninjutsu
if you wanna be the Hokage.
I'm so sorry!
What? Is that all?
Listen, Sarada, this is
nothing to worry about.
Lord Seventh?
Is it possible that you
felt you had to be good
at Medical Ninjutsu
no matter what
just because you're my daughter?
It's true.
And if I'm gonna be the
Hokage like Lord Seventh,
then I have to be
able to do everything.
Well, you know,
I can't actually do
Medical Ninjutsu at all!
Huh? But you're the Hokage!
Yeah, well, to
tell you the truth,
I probably have more
weaknesses than I do strengths.
Yeah, you've sure
got that right!
Trust me, I can
vouch for it myself!
Not just Medical Ninjutsu,
but dad also can't
cook to save his life,
he always leaves the lights on,
and he oversleeps all the time.
Hey, Boruto, come on! I
think that's enough, now!
And besides, if Naruto
actually were perfect
he wouldn't need me around!
So you mean it's okay
if I'm not perfect?
Yes, of course it is!
We're all human, so
no one's perfect!
You simply have to walk
your own path, Sarada.
Thanks, Mom!
(Sakaru chuckles)
(soft instrumental music)
It moved!
-Hey.
-Yeah.
Do you think that you
could give me some tips?
Ah.
Guess I've got no choice!
But since you asked,
yeah, of course!
(Sarada chuckles)
I think I'm starting to
get the hang of this.
After all is said and done,
it seems Medical
Ninjutsu's growing.
Yes, you're right.
Ms. Sakura! It's urgent!
(both gasp)
(beeping)
(patient sighs)
(Sakura sighs)
[Shizune] The head of
the Medical Department.
Mom truly is amazing.
Well you know,
Sakura wasn't very good at
Medical Ninjutsu at first.
(Sarada gasps)
[Shizune] Back in the day,
Sakura apprenticed
under Lady Tsunade,
and she underwent unimaginably
difficult training
in order to become a
top-rank Medical Ninja.
How was she ever able
to work that hard?
Well, to be honest,
I really think you ought to
ask her that for yourself.
(soft instrumental music)
-Uh, hey, Mom?
-Yes.
Can you tell me why
you decided to become
-a Medical Ninja?
-Huh?
[Sarada] I mean, the training
was really hard, wasn't it?
Well, I wanted to become strong.
I didn't wanna keep
staring at Naruto's,
and your father's backs.
I wanted to walk alongside them.
Although I admit training
under Lady Tsunade
was seriously grueling!
But depending on the
effort you put into it,
you might be able to use
Medical Ninjutsu, too!
Really?
But having a clear goal,
and not giving up on it
is going to be crucial!
Yeah!
(closing theme music)
Team 15's goal will be to
surpass Team 5's score!
Always getting made fun
of by Iwabe and the others
is really infuriating!
[Namida] But what
specifically do you suggest
we do, Tsubaki?
We will have a
competition to determine
who within the team performs
the best on missions.
If our individual
abilities improve,
our team's score will, too!
Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations.
[All] "Harmony in Gold."
[Tsubaki] Wasabi, Namida,
if your abilities catch up
to mine, we'll surely win!
(closing theme music)